Personal speech beauty are coming back here.
with another video and this time screaming
For you guys, one more race than xbox.
the anti flame of an ass than with
Activity but talk there, man, people, talk.
Geez, my God, I got a nice car.
Pirai that that car is good here bro
any ball
Brain attack or Chester or the bag
dude , guys, I'm going to start there guys
I got there but talk, man, talk guys and
mark up full of command people
it's not a ghost it 's an old little thing
will be a zone another stayed with the case
two weeks ago the old boat in the area
Where have you been until now, man? Talk to me.
old troll curve it the farm
What do you mean, calm down and knock our
Dude had a bus here played as
so old, this glass curve
we will be ultimately comes
hit me there was a year
out going out of the house taking the last
verse where all of you and yours
k calming otan
I did the totally wrong thing to that
hora mano was also by the half free is
is also very useful and does not have two
cars ahead of me here will be
Closed Santa makes a goal is a
goal of matthew house stood in the middle
I'm crazy to improve now who enters
or having cut in the middle of the face track
What the fuck are you wearing? I'm here.
in 500 BC at the front but our
hit the platinum pinheirinho oscar stage
by 2 to 1
shit rodeo shit go up, do not look bad
car passing over me to see if
is crazy but bald so he was mano with a
car of the same stock is good let's go
playing the barbie was not boring trying to
some here already motherfucker
it mano a mano a mano mano spent in
front I believed and old yes then
in this combat
agel when the maldini kaká running
old
My god, what's up, man?
the damn old man but he stopped for
let it go
Come out matheus, fuck, do not start disputing.
iraq and old rock n rolled ana mateus is
only have 2 matheus I think it looks or does not
Fucking face, it's fucking back there, I guess.
old
oh my gosh and another took again
manas matter that deserves a bar in
plague where you keep wanting to appear
the milan if thin than the fagged course
I am now giving more than a Bahian
in carnival in our face of young not
wants to play only want to run is fucking embodies
moral is here on my side is to try
seventh we'll still see in what
He gives his boot but felt I saw a guy
that will rotate that I pass the two keep
I'll see them word of mouth
old man the time I took a bucket to
week to octave
I stayed sixth
in sixth stayed and tried to shoot everybody
I do not think nor current is stopping in the middle.
of the track to turn the crowd give you good
mano was massively running face of the hour
The guy's place too but he 's crazy 2
matheus acre mateus today that tried
to run the world is not really these
times and 8 matheus 80 the loucão there
good people but that's it we'll go
staying here if you like this
video chat online the favorite speaker
So let's go guys, that's it
thanks.